Preview (#59)
dynamsoft-docs/faq: barcode-reader/general/avoid-incorrect-results.md

layout: default-layout
title: How to filter incorrect results with the barcode result length in DBR SDK?
keywords: Dynamsoft Barcode Reader, FAQ, DBR Introduction, General, incorrect results
description: How to filter incorrect results with the barcode result length?
needAutoGenerateSidebar: false
---

> # How to filter incorrect results with the barcode result length?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to filter out unwanted barcodes using the result length?
```
